a group of students are forced to play a
death game without knowing whose game it
is why or how all right
i'll play that's why today on the
summarizer as the gods will
this is the story of shun but there is
no time for anything because a daruma
entered the school and wants to play a
game apparently if you move and that
weird thing sees you your head explodes
and though they try to escape they also
blow up the only calm one is sataki who
tells them they must understand what's
going on and explains that this thing
represents daruma-san the doll of death
and that moment they realize that
there's a button on the back and if they
press it the game ends however this guy
tries but he explodes and then we see
that there's also a timer so they must
hurry up seconds pass and everyone tries
but they explode until only tataki is
left few seconds left sataki tells him
to boost with his back and shun jumps
flies and at the last second turns it
off
at the end daruma tells them that the
game is over and everyone is happy
[Music]
not cool well not everyone happy because
at that moment sataki explodes and here
we realize that only the one who presses
the button survives so only shun won now
we go back a few minutes earlier here we
meet achika the one that shun likes and
amaya the one who beats everyone in the
school pointlessly in the class
everything was normal until his
teacher's head exploded and daruma
appeared then happened what we already
saw and now daruma tells sean that he is
a mouse and that the cat is coming at
that moment achika arrives who was the
one who pressed the button in her room
and though they try to call the police
there's no signal and daruma keeps
repeating that the cat is coming in a
moment all the doors are closed until
they open one where the gym is and some
are disguised as mice what the hell
happened here achika reads that if they
want to get out of there they have to
bell the cat a cat that seems harmless
there everyone wants to escape but the
cat starts to eat them all at that
moment they see the bell and remember
what they read so they have to put it
there and only have nine minutes a chica
passes it to a guy who's a basketball
player and the ball is going to go in
and everything is going to end
at the end the cat kills the basketball
player and at one point shun realizes
that he's only eating the ones with the
costume so they all take it off and the
cat doesn't do anything but a few
seconds later it attacks them again
because it's hungry the bell has three
minutes left and when the cat is about
to eat a chica he saves her because he
put on the disguise to distract him well
good thing that works at that moment the
cat starts to talk to him he tells him
that his back itches and he can't sleep
so he realizes that he can understand
him because he's wearing the disguise he
climbs up and everyone starts scratching
him and in the end he falls asleep but
when they go to put the bell on him they
all start to fight because they think
that only the one who puts it on will
survive this wakes up the cat and he
attacks them again at one point achika
and shone appear with two balls one is
the rattle and the other is a ball the
cat doesn't know where to look but
realizes that shun is carrying the ball
achika throws hers and the cat attacks
her but the cat dodges it shun throws
his which is the one with the bell and
the cat doesn't do anything and he goes
in
but out of nowhere amaya appears and
puts the rattle and that's how the game
ends but the cat tells them that the
survivors are a maya shun and a chica
only three people can live and amaya
gets rid of the others at that moment
the cat takes out a smoke and they faint
on the news we are told that in all the
schools in the world there's some kind
of terrorist attack millions of students
have died and we see that there's a cube
floating above the city but not only
that there are also cubes all over the
world and inside are all the students
who survived elsewhere we see a
professor who says that this is not a
terrorist attack but it is an alien one
because it is further away from human
knowledge now we see takumi who we don't
know what he's doing but later is going
to be important oh okay in the cube shun
wakes up and is in the same room as
shoko one of her friends that she hadn't
seen for years because she changed
schools tyra and tayoka are also there
and at that moment a text appears a key
to open the door and some kokeshi's
dolls arrive because it's time for the
next game the new game consists of
singing and when the song ends they have
10 seconds to guess who is in the back
and if they fail they will be killed so
the first one is tyra but he gets
nervous they tell him thanks for
participating and with their lightning
they give him a paralysis and then kill
him the same thing happens with tayoka
and finally shun is going to play at the
end not sure how he guesses who is in
the back the kokeshis explode and a key
appears when they get out of there also
appears yukio that was being chased by
another kokeshi at that moment they hear
screams this girl who is also being
chased appears and now we meet oku and
maida they found a timer to put the keys
in and they all get there but they
realize they only have four keys and
they need seven but at that moment three
keys appear and amaya also appears who
gets rid of his partner because he was
only missing one the seven put the keys
before the counter runs out the game is
over and now they have to put on their
clothes they just happen to appear there
and they have to get in through that
hole outside everyone is watching
everything and the professor still
thinks they are aliens but the important
thing here is that the homeless man
remember him the seven arrive at a snow
palace and at that moment a giant bear
arrives he tells them that he's going to
ask them questions and the game ends if
they all tell him the truth but the only
rule is not to lie to him or he will
sacrifice them the first question is
what is your favorite food everyone says
theirs but the bear gets angry because
someone lied to him so they have two
minutes to give him the liar or he's
going to kill everyone the sevens start
arguing about the food but in the end
they blame yukio because his favorite
food is parsley a strange food for
everyone so the bear kills him
the next question is whether anyone
likes shun the men say no amaya tells
him she hardly speaks to him but yes
achika has known him since she was a kid
and has feelings for him so she says yes
too and lastly shoko likes him too there
the bear gets mad once again because
someone lied to him again and they have
two minutes to turn the lyre in here the
bear tells them that this became a kinda
among us because between them is an
imposter who works for him and is lying
to kill everyone i don't quite know why
they decided shoko because she had no
relationship with shun and though they
try to defend her in the end they blame
shoko she tells him that she really
loves him but the bear kills her when
the next question goes shun already
knows who the real imposter is the
imposter is the bear because when he saw
shoko's blood he realized that he is not
really a white bear the demon lies he
attacks them but falls into the water
and starts to burn because apparently he
is a bear with a black heart like a
demon a why a [ __ ] demon the game ends
and the five survive outside these
people are happy and we also see takumi
with blood again and we still don't know
what he does in the movie then the five
appear in a temple at that moment
matrioska arrived and they tell him that
this is the final game the game is kick
the can someone is going to be the demon
that means the one who searches and will
take the can and bring it down to the
circle everyone has to hide from him
when the demon comes down he will look
for everyone and if he finds someone and
sees his face he will say his name while
he kicks the can and at the end he will
lock them in that cell but if someone
kicks it before the demon touches it it
will save everyone in the cell but it is
not so easy because if you kick it the
can explodes that is to save those in
the cell someone must sacrifice himself
the game ends when the demon catches
three people or when someone kicks the
can so have fun the one who gets to be
the demon is amaya everyone goes to hide
maida and oku know they have time to
hide but at that moment amaya arrives
and catches them only two more to go and
he goes up for shun and achika but as
they try to go down he catches ichika
and only shun is left they only have
until the sun goes down amaya yells at
him that he can leave because he already
caught three and only they are going to
live because they are god's chosen ones
but achika tells him not to believe him
because amaya will betray him amaya
tells him to trust him and if he comes
out but with an armor and we remember
the rule of the demon can only say his
name if he sees his face amaya goes over
and takes it off but when he goes to
touch the can he realizes he tied it
with a chain shun tells her there's a
reason he put on the armor and throws
himself off the cliff amaya tries not to
fall he starts to climb the chain with
the armor and we realize that shun took
it off as a distraction now he just has
to kick the can achika doesn't want him
to do it but he's going to do it for his
friends who died amaya finishes pulling
it up and he goes to kick it but shun
kicks it and prepares for the explosion
but in the end nothing happens the sun
goes down and the game ends the
matriasca tells them that the winner is
shun for saving everyone and that the
explosion of the can was a lie and
though amaya lost no one is going to die
and the celebration begins because
finally everything is over the matriasca
gives them some ice cream as a reward
and everyone is happy sean asks achika
out amaya is disappointed how everything
ended but at that moment achika sees
something and gets strange shun sees
that the shovel says you live and here
the matriasca tells them that to get
here they need many skills but the last
one was luck achika tells him that she
really wanted to date him but his paddle
says you die and says goodbye amaya got
lucky and goes to live at which point
the others are attacked with lightning
bolts that disintegrate them and that's
how shun was left with no one now he
wonders what this is and why this is
happening the two are teleported up the
cube and the gods tell them they are the
winners all the people celebrate and
somewhere else takumi decides to leave
his house because he is going to save
the world people scream sons of god
because they overcame everything amaya
likes this but shun says god doesn't
exist and one of the matriasca dolls
corrects him and suggests that those
deadly games would lead them to god as
she shows him a homeless man who was
also an observer of those games and that
leaves us ready for a second part that
was as the gods will comment which
series or movies you'd like me to
summarize for future videos see you
later
go to work okay bye
[Music]